as a leader, you should always take the time toe. You know, get your give
your people some kind of credit for the work that they've done.
And, um, the work that they can do can can can vary. It could be a Sfar
as coming to work every on time, every single day to fixing the
admiral's boat or something like that and everything in between. Um,
for the smaller ones, just a little pat on the back, you know, nice
job in front of people, you know, in the public environment, you know,
it makes them feel good about themselves. You condone bump it up
a little bit by saying, Hey, you know what? We have this day off. Um,
do do all the work that you've been all the good work that you've
been doing. Or here's a birthday cake or here's here's pizza. Um, something
some kind of food that we don't usually eat, especially if
you're out in port. Um, you can crank that up a little bit more. There
are letters of commendation there, uh, Navy achievement medals now
that you give for for a super quality work and the ultimate way that
you can support your people is by number one giving them a stellar
evaluation and and number two promoting them